Before we dive into more pages and components for the different posts some pages and the admin area
let's add some header.
Wouldn't that make sense.
So let's add a special header component to our application and I'll do this by creating a new folder
in the components folder that navigation folder the name is totally up to you.
Now here I am again prepared something I've prepared for components which you can find attached to this
video which I'll just paste into the navigation folder.
The headers of you for the site and after you fall and the side Neph toggled up you fall side there
toggles a simple hamburger menu created with CSSA which we can click which emits a toggle event which
you can listen to from Parad components.
The header component includes that toggle and listens to that custom talking event were emitting it
then emits a number event side nav toggle which will have to handle.
Include some logo which is just some text with a next link though.
And they have an arrogation items as normal list items with next links to blog about and Edman.
And then I got some Stahl's at the bottom here two stalls all beautifully and the side nafas just forward
to responsive layouts.
This is just a backdrop and the side Neph itself with a little slight animation also with property it
receives to decide whether it should be shown or not.
And then some stylings.
Now to use these components we will have to go to our default layout because I want to include that
header in all my pages and to do that of first of all add a script section here because this will allow
me to import these components.
So let's import that header.
And by the way if you're wondering about the naming this is following the official view style guide
where are components that you really use only once should have a that at the beginning so that Hetter
from at slash component's slash navigations slash the header.
The the view is added automatically and then we don't just have the header but from the same folder
we have the side nav we don't need to import to toggle because I'm using that in the header.
Now this is my component import.
Now I can add the components property duty view on an object here and added the header and the side.
Now with that we can use these two components in our template.
So above that next hook here where the actual page will be rendered I'll add that header as a self-closing
tag.
And the side nav has a self-closing tag.
Now both is added but we need to listen to an event and do something to decide after determine whether
it should be shown or not.
So the header I'll add the event listener where I listen to side nav toggle simply because that is a
custom event that gets emitted in the header here side nav toggle whenever this event occurs.
I want to switch some property which I can then pass down to the side near.
So to manage this property I'll add the normal data Meffert where I return an object as we should do
it in view components where I have displayed site nav which is set to false initially.
Now one has switched this property whenever this event occurs.
So I will set the display side and to what it's currently not.
This will essentially toggle it from true to false and the other way around to that side nav I need
to pass my show property and I binded to the dynamic display side that value.
Now the side nav component actually also emits an event whenever I click the backdrop.
The close event is emitted.
That's of course important because this ensures that we actually well close the site.
If it's currently opened so let's implement this by going to the layout and by listening to at close
here and then switching displays side nav to Foldes if it occurs with that if we go back we see that
beautiful head are at the top already.
And if a shrink does it switches to the mobile layout so that it looks much better I'd say this is now
the header and so on implemented.
Now I would say that the links inside neth are still wrong.
I did this on purpose so that we can adjust it.
So let's navigate to slash posts from a click on lawk to slash about if we click on about and to slash
app and they click there.
And with that if we go back now we can switch pages.
However you will notice that the site stays open if you do so.
Now to fix this we can do is we can simply emit to close event.
Also whenever we click somewhere on there's an order list so somewhere on our navigation items let me
quickly add does your.
And now if I save that and go back and reload the page I can click onto these links and then all the
clothes decide that then.
So that we get a response of hador and navigation implement that.
There is of course more we can do for example work on the entire posts section before we dentals later
we'll have a look at how we populate this with real dynamic data instead of hard coding everything.
But let's focus on our components first.